Once upon a time there was a waffle named Ryan. Ryan was born in Wafflandia. Ryan had big dreams.
He wanted to attend the elitest waffle school. Unfortunately, he was born into a family without a lot of money.
This made it difficult for him to afford the high enrollment costs. However, Ryan refused to be deterred.
While he was browsing the internet, he came up with a genius idea. There was a chance it would fail, but he knew he had to give it a shot.

Ryan landed upon the miraculous free website called Khan Academy. Sal Khan's videos captivated Ryan the waffle, and he began binge
watching every video that existed on the website. He worked through dozens of videos from  Calculus, Linear Algebra, to SAT prep. His grades 
were through the roof. Ryan believed his excellent scores would draw the attention of elitist waffle schools across the nation. He also 
believed his poor household would draw mercy from the FAFSA, or elitist waffle schools would gift Ryan with scholarships. Ryan was optimistic.

While he was hopeful, Ryan did not know what he wanted to be. Would he be a ginger bread house architect, a cotton candy web manager, or would he enter the trades, like 
a gumdrop mason. One day, Ryan met his best friend Pam from Pancakia. His friend came a similiar background from Ryan, and he too was a die-hard optimist. After having lunch together,
they had a million-dollar idea. They would create website called CakeBook. It would be a social media platform where people could connect with each other. Ryan and Pam then decided to 
form a company instead of going to college. Thus, this marked Ryan's first step in changing his entire life.

However, life does not always lead in the most optimistic direction. Not too long after Ryan and Pam ambitiously began their company, a tragedy hit. Pam was unfortunately spuished in a car accident during his vacation in the Syrupia. 
Though he was brought to the nearby hospital as soon as possible, the wet and over-moisturized weather in Syrupia has left him all soaked up, which caused him multiple organ failures.
He also became so gooey that he was unable to leave the hospital bed in Syrupia---Pam could never see Ryan ever again(unless Ryan visits him). 
Ryan was overwhelmed by the pain of essentially losing his friend forever. But his optimism did not fail him, he continued working on his website alone. 
Five years later, Ryan has managed to become one of the most elite waffle in Wafflandia, and CakeBook was rated the best social media ever existed. 
One day, after done with a talk at the most elite waffle school, Ryan suddenly felt a strong urge to go to college. And he put the idea into action immediately.

Thanks to his startup doing fairly well, he did not have issues with affording college. He also had the grades and extracurriculars that made him stand out from other applications.
He thought he was set and could attend any college he wanted. However, he hesitated. When making impactful decisions, he was constantly reminded of Pam. They had done so much together that
he had unconsciously developed a habit into confiding in him. One night, Ryan had the most strange dream. He was planning new updates for CakeBook when a notification popped up on his profile page.
However the sender had no name and no profile picture. He opened it, but the only message was a link to another website. It was a dream so he did not consider the consequences of clicking on a strange, unknown
link. Before the page could load he woke up. Suddenly, Ryan felt like his body was being controlled. He felt himself open up his laptop. Then he started typing in undecipherable characters into the 
website url box. He didn't even feel himself hit enter. He felt his body twist and turn. His vision of his surroundings warped until it was an unidentifable mess.
Ryan could see shapes. Yet he knew he had no eyes. The shapes distorted constantly, and he could just barely make out a bright light shining directly at him. Similarly, he could hear some sounds, but
he knew his ears didn't exist. Suddenly, he couldn't feel the ground below him. The light got closer, but then another strange pale color approached him. He couldn't speak as he helplessly watched a gaping
hole open up in the pale shape. A pink blob surrounded by white specks engulfed him. CRUNCH. The End.
